Update eventhub_namespace for ZoneRedundant property (#7534)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/eventhub_namespace.html.markdown

* `maximum_throughput_units` - (Optional) Specifies the maximum number of throughput units when Auto Inflate is Enabled. Valid values range from `1` - `20`.

> * `zone_redundant` - (Optional) Enabling this property creates a Standard Event Hubs Namespace in regions supported availability zones.

Reviewer: can we make this consistent with other resources as:

```suggestion
* `zone_redundant` - (Optional) Specifies if the EventHub Namespace should be Zone Redundant (created across Availability Zones).
```
